README.md, before:

# AutoLog 



## UX

- A user will want to be able to 'Create a build' to see pricing on future projects.

- A user will wish to read previous 'Builds' that have been created.

- A user will want the functionality to see the total of all the parts added to 'Build'.

- A user will want to update a 'Build' should a link to an external website become inactive or find a different part they wish to buy in the future.

- Each user will wish to only see their own 'Builds' and not other users via a login system.

- Users will wish to delete 'Builds' previously created.

## Features

### Existing Features



### Features left to implement



## Technologies Used

Below are the libraries and languages used in creating this project.

- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
    - HTML5 was used for semantic structure of conent on the webpage.

- [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS33)
    - CSS3 was used to style the HTML5 content to produce an aesthetically pleasing viewing experience.

- [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/)
    - JavaScript was used to create behaviour for the web-page(s) as well as an interactive experience for the user. 

- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
    - jQuery was used to simplfy the manipulation of the DOM.



## Testing


### Bugs found during testing



## Deployment



## Credits

Commit message:

Update readme.md with project link

README.md, after:

# AutoLog 

AutoLog is a parts manager for Car enthusiasts. The site will keep a record of all car parts with the benefit of giving a total price as well as giving other the chance to vote on users builds.

You can view the project here on Heroku: http://autolog-msped.herokuapp.com/

## UX

- A user will want to be able to 'Create a build' to see pricing on future projects.

- A user will wish to read previous 'Builds' that have been created.

- A user will want the functionality to see the total of all the parts added to 'Build'.

- A user will want to update a 'Build' should a link to an external website become inactive or find a different part they wish to buy in the future.

- Each user will wish to only see their own 'Builds' and not other users via a login system.

- Users will wish to delete 'Builds' previously created.

## Features

### Existing Features



### Features left to implement



## Technologies Used

Below are the libraries and languages used in creating this project.

- [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
    - HTML5 was used for semantic structure of conent on the webpage.

- [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS33)
    - CSS3 was used to style the HTML5 content to produce an aesthetically pleasing viewing experience.

- [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/)
    - JavaScript was used to create behaviour for the web-page(s) as well as an interactive experience for the user. 

- [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
    - jQuery was used to simplfy the manipulation of the DOM.



## Testing


### Bugs found during testing



## Deployment



## Credits
